Summary
Country of CHWS:
We held three workshops on Greece, two of them in Athens and one in Thessaloniki

Audience Familiarity with Blockchain and Crypto:

The Greek public is interested in blockchain technology. It is also very receptive to Cardano's research based approach, especially because two major Athenian universities are part of IOG’s research program. But, because of lack of
awareness and knowledge sources in Greek, many of them had not heard of Cardano before the workshops. Also, most of them no prior knowledge about the fundamentals of blockchain technology.

Participant Count:

Athens Day 1: 5 people (10 had signed up, we had an unexpectedly high
amounts of no shows)
Athens Day 2: 10 people
Thessaloniki: 13 people

Founders:

The attendees had a mixed professional and educational background, including a journalist,a public official working for the Greek securities exchange bureau, an IT security specialist and a Zero Knowledge researcher. It also
included some founding members of a highly active DAO, founded on a different blockchain. Although no founders attented, many proffesionals from different background had a change to learn more about crypto and network. 
Much work needs to be done in Greece to raise Blockchain and Cardano awareness. We fostered much needed connections with members of the Greek press and securities exchange bureau, which we hope to capitalise on in the
future. As a grassroots agent of the Cardano ecosystem in Greece, we aim to leverage said connections to make Greece a native Cardano nation.

Business Topics Covered:

Overall, the attendees gain a significant amount of knowledge about blockchain technology and its use cases as a whole, and especially Cardano. The attendees that were crypto beginners had a change in their beliefs about crypto. 
Due to our real world use cases approach, they saw the value of blockchain technology in everyday life, and stopped thinking about cryptocurrencies only as an investment asset, and learned about the applications of blockchain in logistics, 
complience and finance. 

Learnings on Business or Funding Related Topics

We focues on tokenazation of real world assets, giving examples like tokenazation of art and real estate. We covered applications of tokenized assets, such as fractionalization and secondary markets. 
